mmbr-member
mmer-member
membr-member
mmber-member
membe-member
meber-member
memer-member
adrs-address
addrs-address
addrss-address
adres-address
adres-address
addrss-address
addres-address
emaladrs-email address
emladdrs-email address
emladrs-email address
emladres-email address
emailadrs-email address
emladdress-email address
emiladdress-email address
pstl-postal
postl-postal
posta-postal
pstal-postal
pstladdrss	-postal address
postladdrss-postal address
postaaddrss-postal address
pstaladdrss-postal address
pstladrss-postal address
postladrss-postal address
postaadrss-postal address
pstaladrss-postal address
pstladdrs-postal address
postladdrs-postal address
postaaddrs-postal address
pstaladdrs-postal address
infrmtn-information
infrmtion-information
infrmtin-information
informtn-information
new info-new information
info-information
zp-zip
pstl zp-postal zip
zpcd-zip code
cd-code
cod-code
cde-code
intrst-interest
interst-interest
itrst--interest
intrest-interest
iterest-interest
amnt-amount
aount-amount
amont-amount
amt-amount
tlphn-telephone
telephn-telephone
tlphon-telephone
telphn-telephone
telephon-telephone
tlphne-telephone
phn-phone
phon-phone
phne-phone
tx-tax
incm-income
incme-income
incom-income
incmtx-income tax
incomtx-income tax
incmtax-income tax
rvnue-revenue
rvnu-revenue
revnu-revenue
revenu-revenue
revnue-revenue
eml-email
emal-email
emil-email
eail-email
idnty-identity
idntty-identity
idntity-identity
identy-identity
idty-identity
srl-serial
serl-serial
seril-serial
sril-serial
nbr-number
nmbr-number
nber-number
nmber-number
numbr-number
idntfctn-identification
idtfiction-identification
identfctn-identification
identfcton-identification
idntfcatin-identification
idntfction-identification
brth-birth
birt-birth
bth-birth
dt-date
dat-date
dte-date
brthdt-birth date
bithdte-birth date
brthdate-birth date
dth-death
deth-death
dath-death
deat-death
dethdte-death date
dthdte-death date
snstve-sensitive
senstive-sensitive